README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of content

* [Description](#description)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [License](#license)
* [Questions](#questions)


## Description

This node.js program is used to create a professional grade README. After collecting each content fields from the user, it will automatically generate a customed README with what the user typed. The inputs are captured with [Inquirer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer).

One big limitation with this application is not able to have multiple lines per content section, so futher manual edit might be needed.

## Installation

To use this application, it's required to have node.js installed. Which can be found in their [website](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

Once you have cloned the files and had node.js installed, just run the install command in the terminal:
 
    npm install

## Usage

Please check out this [YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AGFy066xew) for a live demonstration of this program.

To run the program, call the index.js file in the terminal like so
 
    node index.js

Then just follow the prompt to input the fields for your custom READE

## Tests

For a quick test of what this program can do, type 'Test Case' when prompted for project name (case sensitive).

## License

This program is covered under MIT License

## Questions

GitHub link: https://github.com/MeeMofu

Feel free to leave an issue

Commit message:

Added sample generated README.md

README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of content

* [Description](#description)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [License](#license)
* [Questions](#questions)


## Description

This node.js program is used to create a professional grade README. After collecting each content fields from the user, it will automatically generate a customed README with what the user typed. The inputs are captured with [Inquirer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer).

One big limitation with this application is not able to have multiple lines per content section, so futher manual edit might be needed.

## Installation

To use this application, it's required to have node.js installed. Which can be found in their [website](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

Once you have cloned the files and had node.js installed, just run the install command in the terminal:
 
    npm install

## Usage

Please check out this [YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AGFy066xew) for a live demonstration of this program.

To run the program, call the index.js file in the terminal like so
 
    node index.js

Then just follow the prompt to input the fields for your custom README. Your custom generated README can be found in 'dist' folder.

## Tests

For a quick test of what this program can do, type 'Test Case' when prompted for project name (case sensitive).

## License

This program is covered under MIT License

## Questions

GitHub link: https://github.com/MeeMofu

Feel free to leave an issue
